Add API reference for locale keys - merge after new ci Run! (#5600)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/reference/api-reference.mdx

</ul>
```

### `Astro.preferredLocale`

> `Astro.preferredLocale` represents the preferred locale of the user. It's computed by checking the supported locales in your `i18n.locales` array and locales supported by the users's browser via the header `Accept-Language`. This value is `undefined` if no such match exists. This property is only available when building for SSR (server-side rendering) and should not be used for static sites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Astro.preferredLocale` is a computed value that represents the preferred locale of the user. 

It is computed by checking the configured locales in your `i18n.locales` array and locales supported by the users's browser via the header `Accept-Language`. This value is `undefined` if no such match exists.

This property is only available when building for SSR (server-side rendering) and should not be used for static sites.
```

### `Astro.preferredLocaleList`

> `Astro.preferredLocaleList` represents the array of all locales that are both requested by the browser and supported by your website. This produces a list of all compatible languages between your site and your visitor. The value is `[]` if none of the browser's requested languages are found in your locales array. If the browser does not specify any preferred languages, then this value will be [`i18n.locales`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#i18nlocales). This property is only available when building for SSR (server-side rendering) and should not be used for static sites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Astro.preferredLocaleList` represents the array of all locales that are both requested by the browser and supported by your website. This produces a list of all compatible languages between your site and your visitor. 

If none of the browser's requested languages are found in your locales array, then the value is `[]`: you do not support any of your visitor's preferred locales.

If the browser does not specify any preferred languages, then this value will be [`i18n.locales`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#i18nlocales): all of your supported locales will be considered equally preferred by a visitor with no preferences. 

This property is only available when building for SSR (server-side rendering) and should not be used for static sites.
```

> `Astro.preferredLocaleList` represents the array of all locales that are both requested by the browser and supported by your website. This produces a list of all compatible languages between your site and your visitor. The value is `[]` if none of the browser's requested languages are found in your locales array. If the browser does not specify any preferred languages, then this value will be [`i18n.locales`](https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/configuration-reference/#experimentali18nlocales). This property is only available when building for SSR (server-side rendering) and should not be used for static sites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Astro.preferredLocaleList` represents the array of all locales that are both requested by the browser and supported by your website. This produces a list of all compatible languages between your site and your visitor. The value is `[]` if none of the browser's requested languages are found in your locales array. If the browser does not specify any preferred languages, then this value will be [`i18n.locales`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#i18nlocales). This property is only available when building for SSR (server-side rendering) and should not be used for static sites.
```

Author: oops, good catch :sweat_smile:

> `Astro.preferredLocaleList` represents the array of all locales that are both requested by the browser and supported by your website. This produces a list of all compatible languages between your site and your visitor. The value is `[]` if none of the browser's requested languages are found in your locales array. If the browser does not specify any preferred languages, then this value will be [`i18n.locales`](https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/configuration-reference/#experimentali18nlocales). This property is only available when building for SSR (server-side rendering) and should not be used for static sites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Astro.preferredLocaleList` represents the array of all locales that are both requested by the browser and supported by your website. This produces a list of all compatible languages between your site and your visitor. The value is `[]` if none of the browser's requested languages are found in your locales array. If the browser does not specify any preferred languages, then this value will be [`i18n.locales`](en/reference/configuration-reference/#i18nlocales). This property is only available when building for SSR (server-side rendering) and should not be used for static sites.
```
